
## Who is Jungheinrich
Jungheinrich is one of the largest intralogistic companies in the world, famous of high quality Forklifts and complete logistic Portfolio. With the business strategy of excelling in customer services while being competitive in price, After-Sales service play a crucial role in the company development. One of many projects to improve the Maintenance service is the development of a Diagnostic Tool named Truckscope since 2013. Although the tool has been rolled into production, the Application continuous development require continuous testing procedure. Rather than completely rely on the developer's testing, Jungheinrich would like to test Truckscope to verify developer's implementation more thoroughly.

## What is Truckscope
Truckscope is the Diagnostic Application of Jungheinrich to replace their old Diagnostic Tool named Judit. The development was outsourced to an external partner while Jungheinrich participate in the Development as the Product Manager. Truckscope is a \Csharp Application developed to run on Window and communicate with the Truck via CAN interface. The CAN interface is implemented using a so-called INCADO cable which convert CAN message into Serial USB signal to be read by the computer. During the Continuous Development, Jungheinrich describe the needed features, provide the procedure to control the Truck and verify the Developer's implementation before any new feature publishing. Until now, the new feature verification is done on a real truck. The advantage of such approach is its practicality while the disadvantage is the lack of flexibility. Since the Truck behave very consistent and is difficult to be configured to work out of normal, the probability of finding bug in the Application is limited. Therefore, a flexible CAN Bus Simulation Embedded System including Fault Injection is needed for a more extensive Testing of Truckscope.

## Methodology 
On the other hand, Arduino is the classic instrument of Embedded System studying and prototyping. Due to its minimal and developer-friendly design, Arduino Education boards are very popular to students, hobbyists and developers. In the Professional Section, Arduino introduced several families such as Edge Control, Portenta Family, Nicla Family, MKR Family and Nano Family. Different from the Education Board, those Professional Arduino Boards offers advancing functionalities such as Embedded Machine Learning, AI or IoT. The Arduino Portenta H7 is a member of the Portenta Family, coming with two asymmetric cores with included Floating Point Unit and is considered as one of the most powerful board in the market nowadays. Seeing potentials from the Portenta board, this Bachelor Thesis try to design and implement a CAN Bus Simulation Embedded System including Fault Injection using Arduino Portenta H7.




